Create rule S6566: Use DateTimeOffset instead of DateTime (#1717)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6566/pitfalls.adoc

=== Pitfalls
Common `DateTime` pitfalls include:

> - Working with `DateTime` of kind `Local` consider the time offset of the machine where the program is running. Not storing this information separately can result in meaningless data when retrieved from a different location.  
> - When working with `DateTime` of kind `Unknown`, calling `ToUniversalTime()` presumes the `DateTime.Kind` is local and converts to UTC. When calling `ToLocalTime()`, it presumes the `DateTime.Kind` is universal and converts that to local. If you call `ToUniversalTime()`, it converts X hours in one direction, but if you call `ToLocalTime()` on it, it converts X hours in the opposite direction. Neither of these conversions can be considered correct.
> - Once a comparison is done between two `DateTimes`, the user needs to ensure they are within the same time zone. `DateTime` doesn’t consider UTC/Local when doing comparisons; it only cares about the number of `Ticks` on the objects.
> - Using it with dates that are not timestamps, for example New Year (this happens on Jan 1st at exactly 0:00, but it's not a timestamp because it occurs every year at different moments in each parts of the world), or birthdays, in which case .NET 6 introduced new structs called DateOnly and TimeOnly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with `DateTime` of kind `Local`, the time offset is set based on the machine where the program is running. Not storing the offset separately can result in meaningless data when retrieved from a different location.  
* When working with `DateTime` of kind `Unknown`, calling `ToUniversalTime()` presumes the `DateTime.Kind` is local and converts the data to UTC. If 
you call the method `ToLocalTime()`, it assumes the `DateTime.Kind` is `UTC` and converts it to `Local`.
* When comparing  `DateTime` objects, the user must ensure they are within the same time zone. `DateTime` doesn't consider UTC/Local when comparing; it only cares about the number of `Ticks` on the objects.
* Using it with dates that are not timestamps, for example New Year (this happens on Jan 1st at exactly 0:00, but it's not a timestamp because it occurs every year at different moments in each parts of the world), or birthdays, in which case .NET 6 introduced new structs called DateOnly and TimeOnly.

```

Reviewer: I find the last point unclear - I don't understand at all what is the pitfall.
I also find the sentence too long.

General advice - use Grammarly (you can paste what you write in google doc and it will work). It helps a lot!

> - Using it with dates that are not timestamps, for example New Year (this happens on Jan 1st at exactly 0:00, but it's not a timestamp because it occurs every year at different moments in each parts of the world), or birthdays, in which case .NET 6 introduced new structs called DateOnly and TimeOnly.

Reviewer 2: Is this really related to this DateTime vs DateTimeOffset topic?
